# Garden plans

I would say this garden has been a relative success in terms of helping me write more. I kind of want to combine it with my feed, and maybe my homepage?

Feed would be the thing to do first I think. It's interesting trying to categorize the differences between posts. Garden is more writing based. Feed is structured around an image. Feed was designed to make sure I wasn't blocked trying to think of a title, that I could do more work-in-progress stuff. Maybe that's different now that garden is here.

Overall I want to keep things simple. But I also want to have some fun. I'm pretty confindent I can figure out ways to do what I want, and as long as I keep the file format relatively stable, markdown for garden and a common structure for feed, I think I can do it without really risking anything.

I started work on an image uploader, I think I want one that will just run locally and let me easily drop in images and get a public storage bucket address to link to. I kind of did that before for the writing app and it's worked well.

I guess one question is how to interleave garden and feed posts. Garden is static-based files right now, feed is a DB. I wonder if I would ever try and migrate feed to file based. There are quite a few posts in there, but if it's just the text it'd be pretty light, and I could build without too much trouble.

But what do I want it to feel like? I want it to feel alive. I want it to feel like the twitter feed of my profile but better. It could almost be its own mastodon feed I guess... But then I kind of like the idea of this standing on its own and then social being linked in.

It'd be cool to build your own threads too. Hmmm that kind of makes me want to build something like Twitter, but maybe friendlier to long text posts. Hmmm why not do that.

A thread focused blog... hmmm. Or would that just be overkill in terms of complexity. I wonder if I could tie that in with the garden metaphor in a way that doesn't feel too forced. Going to think about that one.
