Thinking a lot lately about making a comfortable environment for myself. Both in real space and digital space.

In real space I think about my desk setup. I think about nostalgic 90s photos of cozy computer setups.

In digital space I think about my neovim and terminal setup. After getting things pretty well setup I've kind of let them sit - and added a few things that never quite worked right. That cruft started to build up and now I'm starting to clean it out.

A hard thing is, if you keep to tools you only know well (even things like vim plugins and keymap settings) you never learn anything new, but if you do a bunch you end up with a mess. I think that's why opinionated setups can be a big help -- you know what you're using is useful to someones workflow. I've had some good experiences there with using the basics and then at some point needing something more and having it already there configured to use.

That is definitely part of why I use the miryoku keyboard layout. Previously I'd tried setting up only basic keys and building up from there, but that could really throw a wrench when you ran into something -- like needing to use a function key and you couldn't go ahead with that keyboard until you'd reflashed.

But I also do feel some weight of neovim knowing some things are hanging around unused. Maybe I should make an alt, super-minimal config. Or maybe I should stick with where I'm in and have patience. Definitely another piece is needing to work with the setup - actually typing and looking at this setup now I think it's pretty good. I fixed navigating wrapped lines yesterday and now that is so much better -- I guess part of it is wondering how much stuff like that is lurking.
