# How this works

This site is a bash build script that concats HTML together. I also put together a little start script using fzf that has some common task options new_post / build / commit. I really like the feel of the starting bash script - it makes it feel like writing in this blog is its own little dedicated computer program.

The source for this one is viewable [on github](https://github.com/GrantCuster/garden).

I think I'm going to try a new blog concept (a continuation of [the thread-focused blog idea](/2024-06-05-20-27-27-Thread-focused-blog-idea/)), that combines what I do on [feed](https://feed.grantcuster.com).

Restarting is maybe a bit risky, since I think I have about three blog-like things I've made over the past few years, and this one I'm at least writing in. I resolved to keep writing in this one until the next one's real.

I'm hopeful the new one will get going though. I'd really like these kinds of posts to live next to lighter-weight screenshot + gif posts. I feel like I have good sense of how to keep the pieces relatively simple, and as long as I stick to well-trod ground for a lot of the pieces I can get decent AI generated code for a lot of it. Then I can hopefully splice and stitch that together into a lively little website.

So far I made an image uploader for s3, when some auto-resizing capabilities built-in. One of the downsides of when I used to have a static blog on github pages was how, over time, the images did come to dominate the repo size. I want to split out that chunk, wrap it up, and plug it in where I need it.

I (with ChatGPT assistance) got the uploader tool up on a password protected subdomain, being served through a droplet. Even did the nginx reverse proxy with SSL and feel like I pretty much understand how it's all working.

Basically want to put together a bunch of little web tool capabilities for myself and then start putting them together. Keeping the pieces big and blocky so they can be torn down or replaced or reconfigured.
